Clarification on the method of adding the Switchbot device in BLE integration (#41459)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown

Some SwitchBot devices need to be configured within the app before being controlled by Home Assistant, such as calibrating the cover open/close limits or pairing two covers to move together.

### Add mode
Before adding SwitchBot devices over Bluetooth, confirm whether your Bluetooth adapter is set to *Active* or *Passive* mode in the Bluetooth integration configuration.

- To open the Bluetooth integration settings, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %} and select **Integrations**, then find and open the **Bluetooth** integration to check the adapter mode.

- Active mode
  - Devices are normally discovered automatically.
  - If a device is not discovered automatically:
    - For devices with a physical button, press and hold the button to enter pairing mode
    - For devices without a button, power-cycle the device to trigger pairing mode

>     - If the device still cannot be discovered, try syncing devices from your SwitchBot account by clicking the **SwitchBot** integration and signing in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For devices with a physical button, press and hold the button to enter pairing mode.
    - For devices without a button, power-cycle the device to trigger pairing mode.
    - If the device still cannot be discovered, try syncing devices from your SwitchBot account by selecting the **SwitchBot** integration and signing in.
```
- [End sentences with a period](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/punctuation/periods).
- We prefer [select over click](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/click).

- Passive mode
  - Devices cannot be discovered via local Bluetooth scanning and must be synchronized through your SwitchBot account

>   - To sync devices from your account, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}, open **Integrations**, select **SwitchBot**, click the integration to open the login window, and sign in. If the local Bluetooth scan detects devices that are linked to your SwitchBot account and within range, you can add them after signing in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Devices cannot be discovered via local Bluetooth scanning and must be synchronized through your SwitchBot account.
  - To sync devices from your account, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}, open **Integrations**, select **SwitchBot**, select the integration to open the login window, and sign in. If the local Bluetooth scan detects devices that are linked to your SwitchBot account and within range, you can add them after signing in.
```

Some SwitchBot devices need to be configured within the app before being controlled by Home Assistant, such as calibrating the cover open/close limits or pairing two covers to move together.

> ### For activce scanning 

Reviewer: is **active scanning** a mode I need to set somewhere in the integration settings? Or how do I know if I have **active scanning** enabled?

Author: This can be viewed in the Bluetooth integration, clicked the configure and it will show scanning mode

Reviewer: so the steps under "For passive scanning" show how to switch from passive into active scanning mode?

Author: No, the switchbot device can only scan the device type in active scanning mode, and cannot scan in passive mode. Therefore, the action in passive mode is to synchronize the device type under the user account.

Author: Active scanning or passive scanning is determined by the user, or the type supported by the adapter itself
